Profpoint trap event collector (#20800)
demisto/content: Packs/ProofpointThreatResponse/ReleaseNotes/1_0_13.md

#### Integrations
##### New: Proofpoint Threat Response Event Collector

> Use the Proofpoint Threat Response integration to orchestrate and automate incident response. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
> 
> #### Modeling Rules
> ##### New: Proofpoint Threat Response Modeling Rule
> Added the *Email* modeling rule. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Proofpoint Threat Response integration to orchestrate and automate incident response. (Available from Cortex XSIAM 3.3.0).

#### Modeling Rules
##### New: Proofpoint Threat Response Modeling Rule
Added the *Email* modeling rule. (Available from Cortex XSIAM 3.3.0).
```
